job lock name  yast2-trans-af             
job lock name  yast2-trans-allpacks       
job lock name  yast2-trans-ar             
job lock name  yast2-trans-ast            
job lock name  yast2-trans-bg             
job lock name  yast2-trans-bn             
job lock name  yast2-trans-bs             
job lock name  yast2-trans-ca             
job lock name  yast2-trans-cs             
job lock name  yast2-trans-cy             
job lock name  yast2-trans-da             
job lock name  yast2-trans-de             
job lock name  yast2-trans-el             
job lock name  yast2-trans-en_GB          
job lock name  yast2-trans-eo             
job lock name  yast2-trans-es             
job lock name  yast2-trans-et             
job lock name  yast2-trans-eu             
job lock name  yast2-trans-fa             
job lock name  yast2-trans-fi             
job lock name  yast2-trans-fr             
job lock name  yast2-trans-gl             
job lock name  yast2-trans-gu             
job lock name  yast2-trans-he             
job lock name  yast2-trans-hi             
job lock name  yast2-trans-hr             
job lock name  yast2-trans-hu             
job lock name  yast2-trans-id             
job lock name  yast2-trans-it             
job lock name  yast2-trans-ja             
job lock name  yast2-trans-jv             
job lock name  yast2-trans-ka             
job lock name  yast2-trans-km             
job lock name  yast2-trans-kn             
job lock name  yast2-trans-ko             
job lock name  yast2-trans-ku             
job lock name  yast2-trans-lo             
job lock name  yast2-trans-lt             
job lock name  yast2-trans-mk             
job lock name  yast2-trans-mr             
job lock name  yast2-trans-nb             
job lock name  yast2-trans-nds            
job lock name  yast2-trans-nl             
job lock name  yast2-trans-nn             
job lock name  yast2-trans-pa             
job lock name  yast2-trans-pl             
job lock name  yast2-trans-pt             
job lock name  yast2-trans-pt_BR          
job lock name  yast2-trans-ro             
job lock name  yast2-trans-ru             
job lock name  yast2-trans-si             
job lock name  yast2-trans-sk             
job lock name  yast2-trans-sl             
job lock name  yast2-trans-sr             
job lock name  yast2-trans-sv             
job lock name  yast2-trans-sw             
job lock name  yast2-trans-ta             
job lock name  yast2-trans-tg             
job lock name  yast2-trans-th             
job lock name  yast2-trans-tr             
job lock name  yast2-trans-uk             
job lock name  yast2-trans-vi             
job lock name  yast2-trans-wa             
job lock name  yast2-trans-xh             
job lock name  yast2-trans-zh_CN          
job lock name  yast2-trans-zh_TW          
job lock name  yast2-trans-zu 
